Florida man Arrested for Allegedly Stealing 66 Rolls of Toilet Paper from Hotel Amidst Coronavirus
Florida man attacked pregnant woman because he thought she has coronavirus
Florida Man arrested for allegedly stealing 66 rolls of toilet paper from Orlando hotel
Florida Man who hired hitmen to kill rival zookeeper now a Netflix docuseries
Florida Man Tries To Eat Stolen Debit Card, Immediately Admits To Police He's Carrying Cocaine
Florida Man Charged With Stealing $1 Roll of Toilet Paper Is Held on $5000 Bond
Florida man jailed twice in 2 days for impersonating cop
Florida Man Tries to Eat Stolen Debit Card, Immediately Admits to Police He's Carrying Cocaine
Florida Man Pleads Not Guilty After 78-Pound Meth Seizure
Florida Man Flies Drone With Hanging Toilet Paper
Florida man arrested for having sex with stuffed 'Olaf' at Target
Florida Man takes off pants after crashing into car
Florida man crashed his car into woman and girl. That’s when he got naked, cops say
Florida man who was peeing all over room attacks good Samaritan who tried to stop him, police say
Florida Man who was Lieutenant Governor complains to Coloradans that his ski vacation was ruined due to coronavirus cancellations. This did not go over well.
Florida Man in public office suggests first responders "take one for the team" and get coronavirus to build immunity
Florida Man buying up all the guns!
Florida man ice rink manager accused of taking 'upskirt' photos of teen at Chipotle
Florida man ponders whether to preemptively infect all first responders with Coronavirus
Florida Man found with Gillum at South Beach hotel room identifies as ‘pornstar performer’
Florida Man caught shoplifting 10 layers of shirts on Live PD in 80 degrees weather
Florida Man could be criminally charged for deliberately boarding plane with coronavirus.
Florida Man doesn't want a food deliver driver entering his apartment parking lot - Live PD
Florida Woman saves the day for the Special Olympics with a kickball game
Florida man stands naked in his driveway, throws rocks at passing cars, deputies say
Florida man cancels spring break. Miami Mayor cancels all spring break events and activities.
Florida Man's cow is 'faster than it looks' and has evaded police since January
Florida Man company AIM Immunotech’s Drug to be Tested as Possible Coronavirus Treatment
Florida man who came within tens of thousands of votes of being governor found by police puking in bathroom of Miami motel room where another Florida man was overdosing on meth
Florida Man Arrested for Throwing Rocks at Cars While Naked
Florida Man: Ex-governor candidate Andrew Gillum involved in drug incident, Miami Beach police report.
Florida man strikes again
Florida man in cow form
Florida Man Arrested For Stealing Toilet Paper From Neighbor's Car
Florida Man can't post cute cat videos of his own cats online due to lawsuits
Florida man faces aggravated battery charges after throwing hamburger, vape pen
Florida man who is a carnival fair operator gets beat up and fired for calling a guest the n-word
Florida Man Sexually Assaulted Teenagers on Camping Trip, Gave 2 Tattoos: Authorities
Florida woman says she slipped in a poop-filled shower in a Miami Gardens hotel. She wants $30,000
Florida Man Tries to Eat Stolen Debit Card After Being Caught With It at Disney World
Florida Man, retired firefighter, WWII vet is turning 93. He just finished his 4th Spartan Race
Florida man customs agent discovered $30,000 worth of cocaine inside set of golf clubs
Florida man stung over 100 times trying to save dog from bees
Florida Man stands naked in his driveway, throws rocks at passing cars, deputies say
Florida man stands naked in his driveway, throws rocks at passing cars, deputies say
Florida man on jet ski goes missing trying to save bird
Florida Man finds tribe of valuable treasures from 1715 shipwreck
Florida man arrested for practicing dentistry without license again
Florida Man Arrested for Stealing Grouper, Potatoes Then Impersonating Federal Officer
Florida Woman tries selling truck for $200. Why? She was telling people that the owner had been shot in the head and was dead and they needed to get rid of his truck.” Only problem? No one besides her knew the owners were dead. Now she is charged with murder.
Florida Man wears mask making fun of COVID-19, self-quarantines because of possible COVID-19 exposure
Florida man's Tampa strip club offers face masks to customers to fight spread of coronavirus
Florida man runs away from cops. Stops to pet cats, goes to jail
Florida man repeatedly offers to show IHOP patrons his genitals, and then steals doughnuts.
Florida man congress man wears full gas mask to the house. Says, "members of congress are human petri dishes." Everyone seems to agree with this Florida wisdom.
Florida Woman arrested for trying to build and detonate a bomb made from nails, chemicals, and mason jars inside a Walmart.
Florida woman charged with changing party affiliations of voters
Florida man wins $5 million lotto jackpot on $20 scratch-off game
Florida man Matt Gaetz wears gas mask during congressional vote to address new coronavirus
Florida woman charged with filing false voter information.
Florida man (boy) mistakenly spritzes self with pepper spray at school gym; sends 40 others to hospital
Florida Woman with fake IDs throws tampon at cop
Florida Man Arrested for Practicing Dentistry Without License Again
Florida man bartender serves guy drinks, learns minutes later that the guy plowed into his car in the parking lot
Florida Man scientist uses science skills to make strawberries taste like grapes
Florida man finds a shipwreck with a trove of Spanish coins dating back to a 1715
Florida man leaves crushed water bottle in store after stealing $3 million of gold and jewelry, cops use it to track him to California where he's already in jail.
Florida man and his two friends rob a drug store of $320,000 in pills, take precautions like wearing surgical gloves so they don’t leave prints, but toss empty pill bottles out the window of their getaway car, which the cops follow like bread crumbs to their front door
Florida man goes to airport with nearly $200,000 in cash, has it seized by the government, which refuses to give it back
Florida Man causes $100k in damage to Walmart liquor store under construction with hotwired forklift; gives police his name as "Alice Wonderland" and says a hookah-smoking caterpillar told him to do it.
Florida man is the hero we deserve
Florida man caught illegally feeding wild alligator resists arrest: "He's a good boy…and he loves bagels"
Florida Man who "wasn't being racist" when he referred to electing his black opponent as "monkey[ing] it up" also attended alt-right rally with Proud Boys that asked burning questions like "if blacks are oppressed, why isn't there black exodus?" Please brigade this post too, losers.
Florida man starts GoFundMe campaign for Trump's border wall, sets $1 billion goal
Florida Man could be criminally charged for deliberately boarding plane with coronavirus.
Florida Man Arrested For Practicing Karate By Kicking Swans In The Head
Florida man starts GoFundMe to build a tunnel under Trumps boarder wall.
Florida Man kept rambling on to friends about dead palm trees. Turns out, he'd spotted a new disease killing thousands of the Florida's signature trees
Florida Man's idea to only let the felons he likes vote again is ruled unconstitutional
Florida Woman says it's 'too hot' in squad car after arrest for allegedly leaving child in hot car
Florida Man messes with the WRONG person, beaten up by former NFL player who caught him masturbating outside daughter's window
Florida man tells cops the 'fake urine' he's carrying around is NOT for his work drug test. Instead, it's for 'role play' activities he and his wife enjoy.
Florida woman's toddler pulls loaded gun from toy box during child welfare check by police
Florida man robs bank, strips naked, then runs down the street throwing stolen money everywhere.
Florida woman suing T-Mobile employee who stole sex video from phone
Florida Man breaks into house, eats salad, masturbates, plays with toy helicopter
Florida man searched for child porn. Instead they find guns,bombs, and maps of local schools.
Florida man has greyhound training license suspended after 12 greyhounds test positive for cocaine.
Florida man Police Chief Told Cops to Arrest Random Black People to Boost Stats
Florida man has seen ‘Avengers: Endgame’ a record 116 times and he’s not slowing down
Florida man running for mayor tells black activists 'Go back to Africa'
Florida man goes from Neo-Nazi to Muslim, proceeds to kill roommates for blasphemy (From 2017)
Florida Woman tries selling truck for $200. Why? She was telling people that the owner had been shot in the head and was dead and they needed to get rid of his truck.” Only problem? No one besides her knew the owners were dead. Now she is charged with murder.
Florida Man pretends to be prosecutor, tries to drop charges against himself
Florida man wears 'f*** the police' shirt to court and wins the case
Florida Man
Florida Man college student charged with threatening to kill professor for scheduling 7 a.m. final exam
Florida woman named Crystal Methany arrested.
Florida Man braves Hurricane Matthew [this should be our new sidebar picture]
Florida Man in prison allowed to sit in guard station & order Chinese takeout after giving guards advice on their taxes
Florida Man brings AK-47 to middle school after receiving phone call from crying son.
Florida man gives generator he planned to purchase to fellow shopper who needed one to care for her sick father during/after Hurricane Irma after the store sold its last unit.
Florida Man and cop with a history of shooting unarmed black men, responds to allegations of racism by declaring: "I now identify as a black man." Surprisingly, people have a problem with this
Florida Man hacks bank, tries to steal $7 billion because "Jesus wanted him to be rich'
Florida woman gets all nervous when the highway patrol pulls her over for illegal window tint, so they call a drug dog and find $1.2 million worth of cocaine stuffed behind the dashboard in her car
Florida Woman who faked diploma has finally called it a day.
Florida man passes a joint to a cop while illegally parked in a handicapped spot with a gun in his car.
Florida man arrested for trying to pay bar tab with a rock, and pulling out a briefcase and saying “This briefcase either contains either a bomb or a baby”.
Florida man prisoner kills cellmate, says 'one less child molester'
Florida Man threatens to kill his neighbors. Also Florida Man is the town mayor.
Florida man released from jail then arrested again in the jail parking lot for trying to steal a car
Florida woman, 73, scares off naked intruder who was 'gyrating in a lewd manner' by taking out her dentures and yelling 'Grandma no teeth!'
Florida man awoke last Tuesday to discover another Florida man at the foot of his bed sucking on his toes
Florida woman running for mayor of her city as 'Sea Turtle' so that she can put a turtle in office 'to give nature a voice'
Florida man calls 911 to brag after fleeing traffic stop. 'Like what do we pay you guys for?'
Florida man who allegedly threatened family with Coldplay lyrics ends standoff after SWAT promises him pizza
Florida Woman Tries To Use Lyft As Getaway Vehicle, Driver Refuses Prompting Her To Call Uber
Florida man who smashed mosque windows, left bacon gets 15-year sentence
Florida Man armed with a live alligator chases people all over a convenience store, screaming: "Y'all ain't out of beer, are ya?".
Florida Man causes $100k in damage to Walmart liquor store under construction with hot wired forklift; gives police his name as "Alice Wonderland" and says a hookah-smoking caterpillar told him to do it.
Florida man reports handgun stolen during orgy at his home.
Florida Man Throws Aligator Into Wendy's For Incorrect Nugget Amount
Florida man refuses to pay for gold-plated steak he didn't order, Salt Bae calls cops
Florida Man has been arrested three times (once for trying to board an airplane with a loaded gun), fired five times, and caught with cocaine and counterfeit cash in his squad car. He is a cop of twenty years.
Florida man spits on Trump supporter wearing MAGA cap in a bar, did it to show support for law enforcement
Florida Man's 'smart' refrigerator can't be fixed because it is too high tech and repairmen don't exist yet
Florida Man eats $120,000 banana taped to wall at art exhibition
Florida Woman who burned down historic tree while smoking meth arrested again
Florida Man who is a convicted felon honks horn at cops working an accident. Has numerous drugs and weapons in his car in plain sight.
Florida man calling himself 'The Beast' gouges eyes of armed home intruder
Florida Man locks baby daughter in his car and nearby Florida Inmates on work detail break her out using a coat hanger while Florida Mother proclaims "Them bust that s**t right open so thank God for the criminals in the world"
Florida Man who is also a former School of Rock Student on Jack Black’s Old Show arrested four times for stealing guitars
Florida Man Sets Up Sham Companies To Defraud Xerox Out Of Over $25,000,000 In Toner, Profits Wildly
Florida man, 71, sprayed his neighbor in the face with a water gun full of his own urine because he thought she was spying on him for the government
Florida Woman wins auction to punch Martin Shkreli in the face
Florida Man police officer fired for arresting two six-year-olds
Florida Man writes to his mom about who he plans to kill as soon as he's released from prison, apparently still unaware that prison doesn't come with a lot of privacy
Florida man dressed up as 'Spider-Man' seen pressure washing roof during rainstorm
Florida Woman sees 17 year old daughter on snapchat having sex and gets 18 year old Florida Man busted for child porn
Florida Man found dead burning in a Porta Potty. Smoking a lit cigarette could have caused the methane gas to ignite.
Florida man tries to race another driver, revs his engine and blasts off at 124 mph. He didn't realize the other driver was a cop.
Florida man pawns favorite gun to buy sod to avoid HOA fines, has heart attack while laying it down, is rushed to the hospital by firefighters who return to his house to lay down his sod.
